## 8/29/22
- We first started with discussing with Cooper (SEIR) on our Login page and authentication, and we spent some time on our own research on it as well.
- Ava, Carlos, and I continued to work on the front end. Josh finished making bug fixes on the backend, so we were able to test the classesList and the createClass form.
- I have created a separate branch to make cards for InstructorsList and ClassesList. The basic cards were created, but need to spend more time on them tomorrow. 

## 8/25/22
- Ava, Carlos, and I continued to work on the front end and had a lot of discussions with the back end team to make sure that we are on the same page.
- We had the instractorsList page working with real data, and we had the createInstructor page working as well.
- We planned to make classesList and createClass work once the beck end team is finished with classes.
- We planned to continue working on Login and authentication/authroization next week.


## 8/24/22
- We tested on create forms, CreateStudent and CreateInstructor. 
- We were having problems with creating student and creating instructor. We worked together as a group and solved the problem for creating student.
- We are going to continue working on fixing the CreateInstructor form.

## 8/23/22
- Got together with all members and did a quick standup, and shared any questions and updates on the project
- Pair programmed with Ava and Carlos, and created two lists, ClassesList and InstructorsList
- We also reviewed our work from yesterday, and updated those files 
- I am very happy with what we have done so far!

## 8/22/22
- pair programmed with Ava and Carlos on the frontend. We firts worked together on Ava's screen. We worked on Nav.js, App.js, CreatStudent form, and CreateInstructor form
- We then worked together on my screen. We created InstructorsList, ClassesList, and completed the createClass form.
- We also spent some time to looked at the render pages that we worked on, and discussed together regarding page design and user experience. It was great working together and I think we've made quite progress today!

## 8/19/22
- We roughly discussed our individual roles in the project, and we all agreed that we will keep each other updated on the progress
- Josh did a mini lecture on React using functions instead of classes for the rest of our group as we all agreed to use functions for this project
- We all tried to run our project on Docker, and had some issues. The Docker containers were running fine for Alex and Josh, and weren't running correctly for Ava, Carlos, and me. We first disscussed together and tried to figur out the problem, and then the SEIRs (Allisha and Zach) came to help us. We finally have it fixed with Dalonte's help. I am glad that we can get Docker working and moving forward

## 8/18/22
- Disccussed and established docker-compose.yml with other group members
- Created frontend jsx files
- Updated our README after receiving feedback from Dalonte
- Went through project design again as a group and made sure we are on the same page

## 8/17/22
- Our team decided to use Django for the project framework
- Went through the Project Outline with team members
- Created mindy.md for journls

## 8/16/22
- Created create-instructor.png

## 8/15/22
- Our team decided to create an application for providing an environment to connect yoga instructors to students with the goal of providing classes for students

